Add devcontainer (#1515)
jellyfin/jellyfin.org: README.md

## Local Development

To run locally, please use:

```console
npm start
```

> To run within a dev container we have to instruct the build-in hostcheck to bind against all addresses:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run within a dev container we have to instruct the built-in host check to bind against all addresses:
```
